README.md, before:

# Confluence Plugin Idea Search

Provides a blue print for idea capture, search, and display.

# Release

The latest released version [can be downloaded from github.](https://github.com/agiledigital-labs/confluence-plugin-idea-search/releases/latest)

# Requirements

The plugin is built using the Atlassian SDK, for installation instructions see [Atlassian documentation](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/set-up-the-atlassian-plugin-sdk-and-build-a-project/).

# Adding to confluence

Either add the addon through the Atlassian Market place (link to come) or by directly installing the .jar file from [one of the releases](https://github.com/agiledigital-labs/confluence-plugin-idea-search/releases)

# Developing

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the [Atlassian SDK](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/)
3. In the root directory run `atlas-run` to start the confluence server
4. Once Confluence has started you can access it via http://localhost:1990/confluence. Note you will need to change the baseUrl in the confluence settings otherwise you will have issues with the creation of resources

- To run without tests add this argument to the command `-Dmaven.test.skip=true`
- We suggest dumping logs to a file due to the large number of lines in the output. A command to do this would be `rm -rf logs.log; atlas-run > logs.log`

To run the hot reload, have the confluence server running. Run the command `atlas-mvn package` which will build the app. The server will see the change and hot load the new version into the app.

## Developer tooling

The following tools are required/recommended to develop with this repository

- **Atlassian sdk**: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/
- **Yarn**: https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
- **Prettier**: https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html
- **Nvm**: https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating
- **Plugin integration test fixture**: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/create-test-data-and-a-test-fixture/

### Integration test with test confluence instance

Integration testing can be generated, modified and stored in a test instance. This makes creating integration
text fixtures much quicker and easier and is fully integrated with Atlassian sdk.

To utilise current test fixture and modify test data:

1. To see and explore existing test instance, start in debug mode
   `atlas-debug`
2. Currently in the test instance, there is a test page with four technologies:
   `"java", "js", "python", "ts"`
3. Navigate around confluence and create test data by interacting with the test instance.
4. Close the server and clean existing instance
   `atlas-clean`
5. Start again in debug mode. You should now see your test data in the instance.

To create a new test fixture:

1. Run an instance and interact with confluence to create test data.
   `atlas-run -DskipTests=true`
2. Create a zip of the application home directory in target.
   `atlas-create-home-zip`
3. Copy the test resources to plugin home directory.
   `cp target/confluence/generated-test-resources.zip PLUGIN_HOME/src/test/resources`

# Contributing

PR are welcomed

## Commit message syntax

This repository is using [semantic release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/), therefore the commit messages should follow the [angular guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#-git-commit-guidelines) or [another guide](https://blog.greenkeeper.io/introduction-to-semantic-release-33f73b117c8) .

## Branching strategy

Branches should be attached either to an issue in this repository, or a ticket on the jira,

### A branch attached to an issue

Please name the branch `type`/issueNumber/`description`

where type is either;

- feat
- fix
- chore
- docs
- etc from the semvar naming strategy

For example:
`feat/issue3/add-idea-blueprint`

### A branch attached to a Jira ticket

Please name the branch `type`/ticketNumber/`description`

where type is either;

- feat
- fix
- chore
- docs
- etc from the semvar naming strategy

For example:
`feat/ADE-101/add-idea-blueprint`

### Branch Flow

Your Branch => develop => qa => master

## Making a PR

Please do the following before creating a PR;

- have an issue or a jira ticket,
- write a descriptive PR title
- Add the @agiledigital-labs/atlassian-plugin team as a reviewer
- We will review and provide feedback as soon as we can, it is easier if you help us along

# Supported versions

We are supporting versions from 7.6.2 onwards at this stage, if there are any issues please raise an issue on this repo

Commit message:

fix(ADE-537): Add integration test guidance to readme and update path variable name

README.md, after:

# Confluence Plugin Idea Search

Provides a blue print for idea capture, search, and display.

# Release

The latest released version [can be downloaded from github.](https://github.com/agiledigital-labs/confluence-plugin-idea-search/releases/latest)

# Requirements

The plugin is built using the Atlassian SDK, for installation instructions see [Atlassian documentation](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/set-up-the-atlassian-plugin-sdk-and-build-a-project/).

# Adding to confluence

Either add the addon through the Atlassian Market place (link to come) or by directly installing the .jar file from [one of the releases](https://github.com/agiledigital-labs/confluence-plugin-idea-search/releases)

# Developing

1. Clone the repository
2. Install the [Atlassian SDK](https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/)
3. In the root directory run `atlas-run` to start the confluence server
4. Once Confluence has started you can access it via http://localhost:1990/confluence. Note you will need to change the baseUrl in the confluence settings otherwise you will have issues with the creation of resources

- To run without tests add this argument to the command `-Dmaven.test.skip=true`
- We suggest dumping logs to a file due to the large number of lines in the output. A command to do this would be `rm -rf logs.log; atlas-run > logs.log`

To run the hot reload, have the confluence server running. Run the command `atlas-mvn package` which will build the app. The server will see the change and hot load the new version into the app.

## Developer tooling

The following tools are required/recommended to develop with this repository

- **Atlassian sdk**: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/
- **Yarn**: https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
- **Prettier**: https://prettier.io/docs/en/install.html
- **Nvm**: https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm#installing-and-updating
- **Plugin integration test fixture**: https://developer.atlassian.com/server/framework/atlassian-sdk/create-test-data-and-a-test-fixture/

### Integration test with test confluence instance

Integration testing data can be generated, modified and stored in a test instance. This makes creating integration test fixtures much quicker and easier and is fully integrated with Atlassian sdk.

Run integration tests by suppling test data path in the following command. Currently the data is stored in `src/test/resources`  
`atlas-integration-test -Dtest.integration.path=pathToTestData`

To utilise current test fixture and modify test data:

1. To see and explore existing test instance, start in debug mode
   `atlas-debug`
2. Currently in the test instance, there is a test page with four technologies:
   `"java", "js", "python", "ts"`
3. Navigate around confluence and create test data by interacting with the test instance.
4. Close the server and clean existing instance
   `atlas-clean`
5. Start again in debug mode. You should now see your test data in the instance.

To create a new test fixture:

1. Run an instance and interact with confluence to create test data.
   `atlas-run -DskipTests=true`
2. Create a zip of the application home directory in target.
   `atlas-create-home-zip`
3. Copy the test resources to plugin home directory.
   `cp target/confluence/generated-test-resources.zip PLUGIN_HOME/src/test/resources`

# Contributing

PR are welcomed

## Commit message syntax

This repository is using [semantic release](https://semantic-release.gitbook.io/semantic-release/), therefore the commit messages should follow the [angular guidelines](https://github.com/angular/angular.js/blob/master/DEVELOPERS.md#-git-commit-guidelines) or [another guide](https://blog.greenkeeper.io/introduction-to-semantic-release-33f73b117c8) .

## Branching strategy

Branches should be attached either to an issue in this repository, or a ticket on the jira,

### A branch attached to an issue

Please name the branch `type`/issueNumber/`description`

where type is either;

- feat
- fix
- chore
- docs
- etc from the semvar naming strategy

For example:
`feat/issue3/add-idea-blueprint`

### A branch attached to a Jira ticket

Please name the branch `type`/ticketNumber/`description`

where type is either;

- feat
- fix
- chore
- docs
- etc from the semvar naming strategy

For example:
`feat/ADE-101/add-idea-blueprint`

### Branch Flow

Your Branch => develop => qa => master

## Making a PR

Please do the following before creating a PR;

- have an issue or a jira ticket,
- write a descriptive PR title
- Add the @agiledigital-labs/atlassian-plugin team as a reviewer
- We will review and provide feedback as soon as we can, it is easier if you help us along

# Supported versions

We are supporting versions from 7.6.2 onwards at this stage, if there are any issues please raise an issue on this repo
